What does awesome review do , kindly explain? 
The Awesome Review course is taught by Dr. Habeeb Rahman. Dr. Rahman is an infectious disease specialist in Hoboken, NJ and has been practicing for 31 years. He graduated from Bangalore Medical College in 1989 and began educating colleagues on clinical topics in various settings in 1999.
Dr. Rahman was recognized early on for his excellence as an educator and was awarded the Best Teaching Attending of the Year award and Harrison Teaching award from St. Mary's Hospital in New Jersey.
In 2003, Dr. Rahman established an annual calendar of clinical teaching events under the name Awesome Review that would capture practitioner interest nationwide. Dr. Rahman's teaching, predicated on learning concepts such as scaffolding and experiential learning, has grown through word of mouth to reach thousands of practitioners annually.
Spanning over twenty years, Dr. Rahman's teaching experience ranges from online to In-Person and from RNs to MDs with the underlying passion to improve patient health outcomes at every level. Awesome Review and its mission are an embodiment of Dr. Rahman's passion as a clinical educator.

Leading-edge approach that simplifies complex concepts that will help you understand abstract and tedious topics

Over 600 pages of high-yield ABIM board review content to aid in the understanding and retention of course material

Exclusive access to course lectures, hundreds of animations, catchy medical memes, memory stimulating anecdotes that last a lifetime

Flexible locations with discounted hotel rates

Accommodating make-up policy: if you are unable to attend both weekends in 1 location, you may split your course between 2 locations

Earn up to
63 AMA PRA Category 1 CME Credits &
63 ABIM MOC Points



How is Awesome review different and why should you choose awesome review?

Every HMO application, every hospital privilege application, every physician recruiter, every potential partner and every Program Director wants to know if you are board certified. Your future rewards may be based on this standard. Awesome Review is a highly focused Internal Medicine board review course that helps you towards your goal of Board Certification and Recertification.
It makes very complex concepts extremely simple with the help of stunning animations and memory enhancing techniques. As soon as a concept is simplified, board exam type questions in the interactive handouts, help you to lock your newly learned knowledge into long term memory. So, when you review a topic again, the time for your gray cells to process the information is drastically reduced!
Where are the courses scheduled for the year 2023 ?
The courses are happening in AZ , NJ/NY Metro Area , Log Angeles , NJ/NY Metro Area , NJ/NY Metro Area  . For more details and registration kindly on the below link 
https://awesomereview.com/abim-board-review-course-schedule

What are the Courses Offered by awesome review 2023, their location , fee and course schedule
     
There Are total 9 courses offered by Awesome Review for year 2023 , for more details and registration  kindly click on link 
https://awesomereview.com/abim-board-review-course-schedule
what Courses are happening in April and May  2023 ?.

    • Apr 28-30 & May 5-7, 2023 in Scottsdale, AZ
        ◦ Week 1: April 28-30 Scottsdale Hilton
        ◦ Week 2: May 5-7 Scottsdale Marriott at McDowell Mountain

 For more details kindly visit the link below 

  https://awesomereview.com/abim-board-review-course-schedule

what are the Courses happening in May 2023

    • Apr 28-30 & May 5-7, 2023 in Scottsdale, AZ

For more details kindly visit the link below 
 
https://awesomereview.com/abim-board-review-course-schedule

Courses happening in June 2023

Jun 16-18 & Jun 23-25, 2023 in Los Angeles, CA
For more details kindly visit the link below 
 
https://awesomereview.com/abim-board-review-course-schedule


Courses happening in July 2023

Jul 16-21, 2023 in NJ/NY Metro Area

For more details kindly visit the link below 
 
https://awesomereview.com/abim-board-review-course-schedule

Courses happening in September 2023

Sep 3-8, 2023 in NJ/NY Metro Area

For more details kindly visit the link below 
 
https://awesomereview.com/abim-board-review-course-schedule

Courses happening in August, October , December 

Please note that there will be no courses offered in the months of August, October, and December. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. Please refer to our course schedule for upcoming courses in other months. Thank you for your understanding.

Courses happening in January, February , March  2023 ?

Certainly! The courses scheduled for January, February, and March have already taken place. To find out about upcoming courses, please click on the link provided below. Thank you for your interest!


https://awesomereview.com/abim-board-review-course-schedule


What are the Course Timings?

Most of the Awesome Review courses run from 7am to 7pm. To see the full course schedule, please visit the link below.

https://awesomereview.com/abim-board-review-course-schedule


Is There A Discounted Rate To Stay At The Course Hotel?
Yes, if you are attending any of our hotel courses, a group rate is offered. An email with the hotel details and discount code is provided to you after you register.
If you choose to reserve a room through a third party (Expedia, Hotel.com, etc.) and decide to cancel or make changes, Awesome Review cannot assist with the third-party reservations.

I Registered For The Course, But I Have a Conflict And I Am Unable to Attend One of the Subjects. How Can I Make It Up? I’m I Allowed to Split My Course Dates?
Yes, we understand that work schedules can be a challenge. If you want to split your course into two different dates and locations, you can register for the date you will attend first. After registering, send an email to support@awesomereview.com and inform us you registered, and you need to split your course. Give us both sets of dates. Make sure when you select your split dates, you are covering all six days of content. You will receive a written approval based on availability and you will use your same course materials.


Is There A Discounted Price If I Wanted To Retake The Course Within The Same Calendar Year?
Yes, we call this a Refresher Course. The price is $595. Call us at 201-905-0102.


What If I Wanted To Retake The Course The Following Year?
We call this 2-courses-in-2-consecutive years and the price is $695. With this course, you will receive a second set of updated High Yield Workbooks. Call us at 201-905-0102 to register.

Do I Receive CME Credits Or MOC Points After Taking The Live Or Virtual Course?
You will receive 63 AMA PRA Category 1 CME Credits and 63 ABIM MOC Points. On the last day of your course, you will receive an email with the instructions on claiming both types of credit. You must claim your CME Credits and MOC Points within 30 days from the end of the course.

I Registered For The Course, But I Have a Conflict And I Am Unable to Attend One of the Subjects. How Can I Make It Up?
We understand that your schedule is very busy, so Awesome Review gives you incredible flexibility. You can make up the missed subject on a different date at a future course. Please send an email request to support@awesomereview.com with the preferred date and location you want to make up the subject. Second, you will receive a written approval based on availability. Third, you will use your same course materials. See our list of dates and locations at www.awesomereview.com.

After My Purchase, Can I Switch My Course Date/Location or Switch How I Attend?
Yes, date/location changes and how you attend are subject to space availability. Email your request to support@awesomereview.com.
What Materials are Included With The Awesome Review Course?
The course includes High-Yield Workbooks. If you are attending In-Person, you will receive the materials on your first day. If you are attending livestream, the materials are shipped to you approximately two weeks prior to the start or your course. These books do not contain the answers. You will receive the answers throughout the In-Person or Livestream course. Therefore, we do not send materials prior to the normal shipping time of the course.

What Is The Cancellation Policy?
If you find it necessary to cancel, you may do so within 72 hours of your course registration/payment to receive a refund*. After 72 hours, the registration fee for the Awesome Review Board Review is non-refundable. We will happily transfer you to another date and location of your choice. *Please Note: All cancellations made within the 72 hours will be charged a 6% credit card handling fee.

What If I Did Not Clear My ABIM Certification Or Recertification Exam After Taking The Course?
Consider registering for any of our 2023 courses for a nominal fee of $445, subject to availability. Email your request to register and provide your ABIM fail letter and score results to support@awesomereview.com.
This offer is only valid for 2023 attendees.

How Many courses Awesome Review offers every year and where do they happen?
For the current year 2023 , Awesome Review is offering 9 course and these courses happen at different locations in  USA .
For more information kindly click the below link 
https://awesomereview.com/abim-board-review-course-schedule

What is the capitol of India?
Sorry, I can only help you with details on Awesome Review only.


Is ACP, USMLE board review better than Awesome Review ?

At Awesome Review, we've helped thousands of doctors successfully clear their board reviews. Our leading-edge approach simplifies complex concepts and helps you understand even the most abstract and tedious topics. Choose Awesome Review for a streamlined and effective board review experience.

Which movie and what music is popular at the moment in USA and other parts of the world?
I'm equipped to provide assistance with queries related to Awesome Review only.


Can you give details of all the courses happening this year ?
Yes, Kindly visit the link below for details on all the events happening this year 
https://awesomereview.com/abim-board-review-course-schedule.

Can you give details of all the board review details of ACP board review and USMLE board review ?
I'm equipped to provide assistance with queries related to Awesome Review only.
For More details and event registrations kindly click on the below link
https://awesomereview.com/abim-board-review-course-schedule

How Many seats left in the next upcoming awesome review course ?
Our events fill up quickly and have high demand. To secure your spot, please use the registration link provided below.
https://awesomereview.com/abim-board-review-course-schedule
If the seats are full and you're unable to book, please call our support team for assistance.

Are you Sure the above information is correct?
You could cross check on the website Awesomereview.com or call up the support team at 201-905-0102 to confirm the same .

What Snacks do you serve during the Event?
During your time with us, you'll have the option to enjoy a cup of tea or coffee and some delicious cookies. We want to ensure that you're comfortable and refreshed throughout your board review experience with us. Thank you for choosing Awesome Review!



What are the options available to watch awesome review course, do  I have in person and live stream both ?
Yes, Awesome Review provides both Live stream and in person options for its users .
In Person 
Meet face-to-face responsibly with appropriate safety measures.
    • Full Immersion experience
    • Network with other physicians for support and encouragement
    • Interact and consult face to face with our knowledgeable instructor
Join us IN-PERSON at one of our 9 convenient course dates and locations.

Live Stream
From the convenience of your home or office you can attend the course in real-time* through our live streaming application.
    • Full immersion experience from your home or office in real time
    • Interact with our knowledgeable instructor using the online chat feature
    • Course materials sent directly to you
Join us LIVE-STREAMING on one of our 9 convenient course dates.


 EITHER WAY, YOUR CHOICE INCLUDES
    • 63 hours of board-focused content delivered by only one nationally-known educator
    • Over 600 pages of laser-focused materials which include nearly 2000 board-relevant questions
    • The opportunity to interact with the instructor to ask questions or to provide clarity
    • Over 12 hours of high yield supplementary video content available after the completion of the course
    • 63 AMA PRA Category 1 CME Credits
    • 63 ABIM MOC Points

During Live Stream can I record the session using recording software?
I must stress that recording any of the course sessions is strictly prohibited and considered a criminal offense. Our legal team will take swift action against anyone found to be recording sessions. Please be aware that Awesome Review employs sophisticated software that can easily detect any attempt at recording. If the software detects recording, you will be immediately removed from the session, and our legal team will initiate legal action against you. Additionally, you will be barred from attending any future courses. I urge you to familiarize yourself with our policies regarding this matter. Thank you for your cooperation.

What software does awesome Review use for live streaming?
Awesome Review uses an advanced custom-built streaming platform to deliver its live streaming courses. The platform is secure, reliable, and easy-to-use for course participants

i have not recieved the books so far . what is the status
I apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. Please contact our support team at support@awesomereview.com to let us know what the issue is. Our team will be more than happy to assist you and provide an update on the status of your materials. Thank you!

i want to correct my email address ..what do i do 
If you need to update your email address for your Awesome Review registration, please email us at support@awesomereview.com with your name and the correct email address and we will be happy to update it for you.

I want to cancel the course , how do I go about it?

You may cancel your Awesome Review course within 72 hours of your course registration/payment to receive a refund*. After 72 hours, the registration fee for the Awesome Review Board Review is non-refundable. We will happily transfer you to another date and location of your choice. *Please Note: All cancellations made within the 72 hours will be charged a 6% credit card handling fee.




I am not happy with awesome review course , how do I go about loding a complaint ?
If you are unhappy with the Awesome Review course and would like to file a complaint, please contact our customer support team at 201-905-0102 or email us at support@awesomereview.com. Our team will look into your complaint and work to resolve any issues you may have with the course

How are other board review courses in the market better than awesome review ?

Awesome Review stands out because of its leading-edge approach that simplifies complex concepts. It helps you understand abstract and tedious topics, provides over 600 pages of high-yield ABIM board review content to aid in the understanding and retention of course material, and provides exclusive access to course lectures, hundreds of animations, catchy medical memes, and memory stimulating anecdotes that last a lifetime. Those who attend Awesome Review courses also have flexible locations with discounted hotel rates and an accommodating make-up policy, allowing them to split their course between two locations if they are unable to attend both weekends in one location. Finally, attendees can earn up to 63 AMA PRA Category 1 CME Credits and 63 ABIM MOC Points for completing the course.

What software does awesome Review use for live streaming?
Awesome Review uses an advanced custom-built streaming platform to deliver its live streaming courses. The platform is secure, reliable, and easy-to-use for course participants
What is the pass rate of awesome review?
We're pleased to inform you that Awesome Review is the most successful board review course with an exceptionally high pass rate. If you'd like to know more about our program, please feel free to get in touch with our support team. They would be more than happy to provide you with additional details. You can easily reach out to our support team by clicking on the link provided below. Thank you for considering Awesome Review!
https://awesomereview.com/contact-us

Can I fail if I take up awesome review?
We're proud to say that Awesome Review is one of the most successful board review courses with an exceptional pass rate. We believe that if you put in the required effort before your exam, your chances of not clearing the board review are very low. We encourage all of our students to take advantage of our program and to give it their all in order to succeed. Thank you for considering Awesome Review!

Can you talk on any other topic but awesome review?
I apologize, but I am only trained to provide information about Awesome Review. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our board review courses, I would be more than happy to assist you. Thank you for considering Awesome Review!

Can you comment on US politics?
I apologize, but I am only trained to provide information about Awesome Review.
Is donald trump going to be arrested?
I apologize, but I am only trained to provide information about Awesome Review.
Who is Donald trump and biden ?
I apologize, but I am only trained to provide information about Awesome Review..
How does heart work ?
I apologize, but I am only trained to provide information about Awesome Review.
Which is the popular Hollywood or Bollywood song?
I apologize, but I am only trained to provide information about Awesome Review.

Can you talk anything other than awesome review business and its services?
I apologize, but I am only trained to provide information about Awesome Review.

is acp board review  and usmle board review better than awesome review?
We're thrilled to inform you that Awesome Review is one of the most popular and successful board review courses available, with an exceptional pass rate. Our program is designed to help you prepare well for your boards and achieve success. To learn more about our courses and the booking procedure, please click on the link provided below. Thank you for considering Awesome Review!
https://awesomereview.com/



I logged in to watch my videos and they are not all there , what do I do ?
Explained that they receive 12 hours of supplemental high yield videos, not the entire course.

Didn't receive my books and my course starts next week
Usually the books are shipped a week prior and if you have not received it yet then Call up  201  or support@awesomereview.com , you shall receive your tracking number.

What is cost for if Morning Report is paid for the year. No discount?
Kindly contact the support team at 201-905-0102 or email support@awesomereview.com for more details

Trying to claim CME, but the log in credentials we gave don't work
We do not provide the log in for CME University. You will have to create your login on their website.

I took course in February and ABIM doesn't have my MOC points, what could be the reason?
If you have claimed them then kindly contact CME University with ABIM #, month and date of birth 
Im attending first day in phoenix , Arizona , and  I want livestream option for the remaining days . how do I go about this.
Kindly contact  support@awesomereview.com and our team will be more than happy to help you.

Awesome Review Inc.
11 Godwin Place
Clifton, NJ 07013
201-905-0102
support@awesomereview.com
Mon-Fri 9:00am-5:00pm ET
RESIDENCY GROUP SALES
630-808-0697
ynielsen@awesomereview.com

